Issue #48, Add diagnosis guidance for throughput advice not followed (#55)
ietf-wg-scone/appman: draft-ietf-scone-applicability-manageability.md

- Correlation between SCONE advisories and user-plane throughput changes
- Error conditions where SCONE signaling fails to reach the intended endpoints

When throughput advice does not appear to be followed, it is
useful to determine whether the advice reached the application
at all, or whether the application received it but did not act
on it. Operators can narrow the diagnosis by
correlating the rate of SCONE advisories issued at the network
element against the observed per-flow throughput over the
following two monitoring periods. If the network element
successfully updates traversing SCONE packets during that window

> but the flow's throughput does not change, it indicates either

Reviewer: ... I am worried about /throughput does not change/: I suggest 'throughput' is the wrong word - this should measure if the rate averaged over 67 secs exceeds the advised value.

> but the flow's throughput does not change, it indicates either

Author: ```suggestion
but the flow's average bitrate does not change during the monitoring period, it indicates either
```

Author: @gorryfair does the suggestion address your comment_

Reviewer 2: @smishra1200 To be consistent with the  terminology used in the "Conformance Monitoring" section ( line number 283) I would replace "monitoring period" by "measurement and averaging period" .

Author: @anooptomar29, addressed in #61. 
replaces "monitoring periods" with "measurement and averaging periods" per your comment above. New PR since #55 is already merged. Please review and approve.

Reviewer 2: @smishra1200 I reviewed the changes in #61 and I realized that at this place usage of "monitoring period" is appropriate. So you may pls ignore my comment.

> that the packets were dropped downstream before reaching the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
that all updated packets were dropped downstream before reaching the
```

application, or that the application received the advice but did
not act upon it, as SCONE is an advisory signal per
{{Section 3.5 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}. Conversely, if the
network element stops observing traversing SCONE packets
arriving from the sender, this suggests either an upstream delivery
failure or the endpoint is no longer sending SCONE packets on that flow.

> Recording both the timestamps of issued advisories and the subsequent

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Recording both the timestamps of updates to packets and the subsequent
```
